Link to our flyer: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GFRNyziRpym2TO8FozySe-i8AbDiA6OK/view?usp=drive_link

The preferred route of administration is sublingual. However, the oils can also be lubricated on the skin, rectally administered (by mixing it with for example coconut oil, 0.1ml RSO oil with 1ml coconut oil) or taken alongside with food.
The first 2 – 3 weeks when starting the treatment with the RSO-oil are often quite difficult for some people, as your body has to build up tolerance. Start in the first week with a small amount of 0.02 ml (weight (gram) and volume (ml) are the same of the oil), in order to help your body get used to it. The second week you could try to slowly build up and increase the amount until the desired effect is obtained or you can try to follow a treatment example in our folder. The gradual dose increase by increments is taken until the desired results are obtained.
The RSO-oil has an onset of action of approximately 0.5 to 1 hours and peak effect at 2 to 4 hours. Also around half of the daily intake can best be done before sleeping. Duration of action for psychoactive effects is 4 to 6 hours, but the appetite stimulant effect may continue for 24 hours or longer after administration.
Feeling drowsy, tired and sleepy is a normal reaction. Sleeping 8 – 10 hours a day is also normal.
If you do not feel well after intake (nausea or dizziness), then you could take a glass of water with honey or anything sweet. This will help to recover faster from nausea or dizziness induced by the sudden lower blood pressure after oil intake. Still, if this does not help sufficiently then the best thing to do is to take a lower dose for a couple of days before increasing again.


Rick Simpson dosage 1 ml, 90 days (figure A, page 11): Start with 0.02 ml to get used to the oil and build it up to achieve a dose of 1 ml/day. Three possible approaches, moderate increase in dosage will allow you to reach the 1 ml/day in ±60 days, leaving 30 days for a daily administration of 1ml/day. You could also go faster or slower. Downside: it requires increasing the dose daily, which can be very difficult. Most people will not be able to continuously increase the dose each day, but can try to stay within a certain zone (fast, regular or slow).

Alternative Rick Simpson approach (figure B, page 11): slower dosage start in the first 60 days. This is an alternatvie approach for consuming 60 ml of the RSO-oil to make the first 60 days easier with modest dosage increments. Start with 0.02 ml and double the dosage every 4th or 5th day with the first 10 ml. Then, with every next 20 ml, the dose increment increase more. The final 30 ml are meant to have a daily intake of 1 ml/day.

Preventive or Custom treatment approach (figure C, page 11) is suitable for people pursuing either a more modest dosage intake or as a preventive treatment and is more comfortable compared to the above treatments. Start with 0.02 ml and increase with 0.02 ml every 4th or 5th day with the first 10ml, until the recommended maximum of 0.1 to 0.3 ml/day (dashed area). The goal is to continue with this daily amount for the remaining 50 ml. 

The effects, the number and timing of doses will vary between patients. Therefore, start with a low amount and slowly build this up depending on how you feel with it.

Effects short term treatment: (first ±30 days) Potential benefits: pain relief, improved appetite, improved sleep, stabilization of white blood cells. Long term treatment Potential benefits (using RSO for months): pain relief, improved, appetite, improved sleep, stabilization of white blood cells, anti-tumoral effects.

Exact daily dosage amounts of the example figures are found in the table on page 13 and 14 of our flyer.
The 10ml syringes have the possibility to extract precisely 0.01ml with a turn on the piston of the syringe, while the 1ml syringes have a scale bar, divided over 100 units printed on their side and allowing you to extract 0.01ml similarly (see page 9 of the folder).


Storage: Allow the oil to come to room temperature before administering. Place the syringe or glass bottle in a warm water bath if you have difficulty with extracting the oil. The oil can best be kept in a cool and dark place. Placing it inside a fridge will slightly improve the taste.


Information about the strain
The strain used to produce the RSO-oil is called "Northern Lights". It is mainly an Indica family of the hemp plant (industrial hemp is used for the extraction of CBD, these plants are generally Sativa strains). For the extraction of the RSO-oil, food graded ethanol is being used. Each batch is separately being tested for potency. We also regularly test batches on heavy metals and pesticides, even though we use the same nutrients. As for the plant NPK-fertilisers, we use brands like Plagron and Hy-Pro on GHE-hydroponic systems. This is a bit of a more advanced growing system (not for starters), but fairly similar to any indoor cultivation system.


IMPORTANT!
KEEP THIS PRODUCT OUT OF THE REACH OF CHILDREN. Do not drive a car or operate machinery until you know how it affects you. While taking the RSO-oil, do not drink alcohol, or take other drugs that have an effect on the central nervous system (such as sedatives or hypnotics). Unless advised by your doctor, do not use the RSO-oil if you are pregnant or nursing.
PRECAUTIONS
Be very precautious while using this product if you:
• have or had heart disease
• have or had cardiac disorders because of occasional hypotension, hypertension or tachycardia
• have current or a history of drug/alcohol abuse or mental health problems (schizophrenia)
• have a history of seizure disorder and/or seizure-like activity
• have allergies to drugs
• are pregnant or nursing, or become pregnant


RSO-Oil ratio 3:1 has 61,5% THC and 19,1% CBD and RSO-Oil ratio 1:1 has 46% THC and 46% CBD

For both ratio 3:1 and 1:1 applies:
- Price for both: €100 for 1ml, €600 for 10ml, €1700 for 30ml (€100 discounted) and €3000 for 60ml (€600 discounted).
- Options: available in 1, 10, 30 and 60 ml. (ml is equal to gram).
- Allow the oil to come to room temperature before administering. Place the bottle in a warm water bath if you have difficulty with extracting the oil. 
- The 10ml syringes have the possibility to extract precisely 0.01ml with a turn on the piston of the syringe, while the 1ml syringes have a scale bar, divided over 100 units printed on their side and allowing you to extract 0.01ml similarly (see page 9 of the folder).

The ratio 1:1 is similar to 3:1, however, some patients feel that a larger CBD concentration makes it easier to more rapidly increase the dosage, as CBD tends to mitigate some of the side-effects of THC. Still, the 1:1 ratio contains a potent amount of THC where a slow build up in dosage is required.

Medical research and THC
Current lab research indicates that cannabinoids can trigger cell death in tumours, stop it from dividing, prevent new blood vessels to develop and reduce cancer cell metastasis. 
Our Products can be used for various health conditions, such as improving sleep, appetite and reducing pain. However, we recommend consulting your doctor and do your own research.

Contact details:
email: info@rso-amsterdam.com or WhatsApp on +31645800130 (no calls or texts possible)


'''
